Update Troubleshooting section of App Service Extension Docs (#11232)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_services.md

## Troubleshooting

1. If you are missing metrics and metadata in the APM trace panel and service page:

> It is likely that you do have the Azure Integration configured to monitor your application. Proper configuration will improve your ability to correlate metrics, traces, and logs in the Datadog platform, and avoid broken or empty screens. To fix this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is likely that you do not have the Azure integration configured to monitor your application. Proper configuration improves your ability to correlate metrics, traces, and logs in the Datadog platform, as well as to avoid broken or empty screens. To fix this:
```
